docs: document pull request review process in README (#1233)
gridsuite/commons-ui: README.md

- rm -Rf node_modules/.cache

#### Pull request review process

To keep the library consistent and stable, `commons-ui` uses a **repository
owners** model. A group of owners must approve a pull request before it can be
merged. Owners are automatically added as reviewers on every pull request.

Owner reviews are not necessarily full functional reviews: for small changes or

> when there is high confidence in the author/reviewer, an owner may simply give a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Owner reviews are not necessarily full functional reviews: for small changes an owner may simply give a
```
